Sub and unsub2 (#327)
HL7/fhircast-docs: docs/specification/STU2.md

### Unsubscribe

> Once a subscribing app no longer wants to receive event notifications, it SHALL unsubscribe from the session. The unsubscribe request message mirrors the subscribe request message, except for the omission of `hub.events`. An unsubscribe cannot alter an existing subscription, only cancel it. To unsubscribe, the `hub.mode` SHALL be equal to the lowercase string _unsubscribe_.  Only `webhook` unsubscribes SHALL include the `hub.callback`, `hub.secret`, and `hub.challenge`. Only `websocket` unsubscribes SHALL include the wss WebSocket url in `hub.channel.endpoint`. Note that the unsubscribe request is performed over HTTP, even for subscriptions using WebSockets. `websocket` unsubscribes will destroy the websocket and cannot be reused. A subsequent subscription will be done over a new WebSocket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a subscribing app no longer wants to receive event notifications, it SHALL unsubscribe from the session. The unsubscribe request message mirrors the subscribe request message, except for the omission of `hub.events`. An unsubscribe cannot alter an existing subscription, only cancel it. To unsubscribe, the `hub.mode` SHALL be equal to the lowercase string _unsubscribe_.  Only `webhook` unsubscribes SHALL include the `hub.callback`, `hub.secret`, and `hub.challenge`. Only `websocket` unsubscribes SHALL include the wss WebSocket url in `hub.channel.endpoint`. Note that the unsubscribe request is performed over HTTP, even for subscriptions using WebSockets. `websocket` unsubscribes will destroy the websocket which cannot be reused. A subsequent subscription will be done over a newly created and communicated WebSocket endpoint.
```
